Added documentation about pulling images from private registry's (#176)
conduktor/conduktor-public-charts: charts/gateway/README.md

    secretKey: "<256bits long string>" # if empty, a random key will be generated
```

#### Pulling from private registry using `global.imagePullSecrets`

To use the parameter `global.imagePullSecrets` you need to create a secret with the name you want to use in the parameter. To find out more [see offical documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).

We need to ensure this secret is of type `docker-registry` and contains the following keys:
```bash
kubectl create secret docker-registry <SECRET_NAME> \
  --docker-server=<DOCKER_REGISTRY_SERVER> \
  --docker-username=<DOCKER_USERNAME> \
  --docker-password=<DOCKER_PASSWORD> \
  --docker-email=<DOCKER_EMAIL>
```

Then in your `values.yaml` file, you can set the `global.imagePullSecrets` parameter to the name of the secret you created, you will also need to modify the `gateway.image` parameters to use the same registry as the secret you created.

> This example blelow shows an example of how to set the `global.imagePullSecrets` parameter and the `gateway.image` parameters to use a private harbor registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below example shows how to set the `global.imagePullSecrets` parameter and the `gateway.image` parameters to use a private harbor registry:
```
